# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
> This basic layout could be employed in a website that uses flipping cards for important facts and events related to Canadian prime ministers. Each flipping card would contain biographical information pertaining to a prime minister, their term(s) of office, their political party, and a list of important events that occurred during their term. Upon loading the website, these flipping cards would be ordered by the date they took office from the earliest to the latest. These flipping cards could also be sorted by name, political party, birth, etc through the use of additional sorting filters on the website. Significant events on a flipping card would link to another page on the website that covers the event in more detail.

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
> The researcher is responsible for the privacy of the information shared by participants. It must be clear to all participants what data will be shared both on the project and outside of the project, how the data will be accessed, and who will see and/or use the data in the end product. Consent from participants must be given before any participant data is collected or used. If a participant has requested certain information to be kept private, then the researcher must keep that participant's data private.

## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
> The first and last name fields from the provided template in this assignment can be used for the names of Canadian prime ministers. Additional fields would include birth date, term(s) of office, political party, and significant events. This kind of data structure does impose limitations on this project since many significant events may have occurred during a particular prime minister's time in office. Thus, information for events listed in a flipping card must be limited to prevent any flipping card from being difficult to digest and also prevent any card from being too large in size.